  date	  rate	description		all dates are 2020 unless specified
	
07/30/19   2x	spun up a little freedomtoons test theme in jekyll

	after a week or two of geoff being incommunicado, i decided my time would be better spent
	working on your theme. due to diffculties with geoff's architecture, i decided to create a
	basic skeleton of your site in the program i was using at the time, jekyll

12/11/19   2x	used my 11ty boilerplate to recreate freedomtoons

	months later when i resumed this project, i was using slightly different software, 11ty.
	i rebuild freedomtoons in 11ty, and then spent the afternoon uploading some dummy content
	to get some work done on the theme

01/16	   2x	completed transition from jekyll to 11ty

	even tho jekyll and 11ty are different, theyre extremely similar, i configured away the
	differences and removed jekyll, before working on some 11ty specific features working

01/24	   2x	configured the youtube api interface

	learned the youtube api, and its interface with 11ty, got everything working 

02/11	   2x	build up some theme improvements and drafted the form in the footer
02/20	   2x	built up some more theme improvements and drafted a new donate page

	at this point, my version of freedomtoons was an 80% copy, i decided to work on two
	deliverables we previously talked about, the form and the donate page. i spent each
	of these days working on each feature as well as making slight theme adjustments

02/28	   3x	spent the day updating geoff's code to match the edited screenshot you gave me

	you hit me up early this day to discuss disolving our relationship. looking back, i 
	think it was due to you not liking the direction i was taking with february's updates.
	it took all night, but i got geoff's site to look perfect.

02/29	   2x	found and closed the security hole in geoff's code

	the next day i was looking over geoff's code, trying to find a compromise where i could
	use some of my newer tools; and found a 	gaping security hole with the youtube api 
	secret key being publicly available. when i set up my youtube api interface, the majority 
	of that day was spent securing the secret key. turns out, geoff's version of angular, was 
	slightly before this security existed, and did things differently. i did my best to fix it.

03/02	   2x	undid footer and donate code, while keeping theme updates, this took two days
03/03	   2x 
03/04	   2x	copied the updated angular code to 11ty

	realizing that amount of work required to resolve the security issue might take months
	i decided my time would be better spent updating my already secure 11ty variant 

	i spent the next two days undoing all the code i previously did in february keeping only 
	the code relating only to the theme's updated look and feel, stashing the footer 
	form and donate page code on a branch for later, before copying all the updates from
	angular over to 11ty.

03/05	   3x	improved site loading time by replacing images with smaller variants;
		  fixed a header bug revolving around viewport sizes
03/06	   1x	created and uploaded the favicon
03/14	   1x	added fontawesome, a css framework for the  social media icons
03/16	   1x	uploaded your 'handwriting' font; misc theme edits for consistency
04/28	   1x	added adsense; changed the DNS provider from GoDaddy to netlify

	these are pretty self-explanatory; also how i prefer to work, small concise changes

	= 30	total rate		
	/ 2	day = 2 rate
	* $75	day rate

	= $1125

	we previously talked about around $75 per feature, between $50 and $125.
	i changed this to a daily rate of $75, 
	  with half days and full days, being .5 and 1.5, respectively 
	.5, 1, 1.5 => 1 2 3 to make it easier
